Update forging mgmt guide - Closes #842 (#933)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/node-management/forging.adoc

* `publicKey`: The publicKey of the delegate.
* `encryptedPassphrase`: The symmetrically enrypted 12 word mnemonic passphrase of the delegate account.

> * `hashOnion`: The hash onion stores the random seeds of the delegate for each forging round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hashOnion`: The hash onion stores the random seeds to be used by delegate for each forging round.
```

<3> When enabling forging, the value should be `true`.
<4> Not required, when enabling forging for a delegate for the first time.
Height of the last forged block by the delegate.
<5> Not required, when enabling forging for a delegate for the first time.
Height of the previously prevoted block by any delegate.
Must match the value in the `forger_info` data.
<6> Not required, when enabling forging for a delegate for the first time.
Height of the previously last forged block.
Must match the value in the `forger_info` data.
<7> Optional: If true, overrides `maxHeightPreviouslyForged` and `maxHeightPrevoted` values in the forger_info data.

Invoke the following action to *disable the forging* for a delegate:

[[disable]]
.Disable forging
[source,js]
----
const { createWSClient } = require('@liskhq/lisk-api-client');

export const disableForging = async () => {
    let apiClient = await createWSClient('ws://localhost:8080/ws');
    const { data } = await apiClient.invoke('app:updateForgingStatus', {
      address: string,
      password: string,
      forging: false
    });
};
----

<1> Change forging to `false` to disable forging for a delegate on the node.

> //@TODO: Add guide how to enable forging on another node, once app bootstrapping is added

Reviewer: todo is required?
